Creation Date: 2025-07-15
2025-07-15T00:45:20-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

Holy fuck I am so turned on I am having a hard time getting to sleep. I am imagining if there was anything I WOULDN'T Do if I received mouth hugs very often. I had a hard time sitting behind you on the chair just thinking of you turning around and pushing me back. I think of you laying between my legs and just teasing me with your hands and mouth. Just laying there in heaven. I think about tirng your hands to the door knob and feeling yours breasts brush against my cock. Ohh maybe I could gag you or have you sit in your toy, that would be fun. I love to see you wiggle when you try to resist. I would love to surprise you out of the shower, tie your wrists behind your back and bend you over the bed,i would start with kisses but your deserve some spanks for stealing the covers. Then I would get down and check how wet you were. You probably need a little more warming up before I enter you. I don't know if I would start with my fingers or my mouth, I will decide in the moment. Damn you are so sexy sleeping next to me as I write this down. I am just so turned on I had to write these things down. Where was I, ohh yeah you were gagged bent over the bed, you booty stinging a little from the spanks for stealing the covers. Now I think it is time to enter you and let you enjoy my big cock. Wait did I lock the door let me go check and leave you bent over the bed vulnerable and waiting. Ohh I should probably get the vibrator ready, one sex. Ok back to business probably another slap for good measure, you stole those covers a few times. Now time for what you have been waiting for, I will enter you slowly so you can feel everything. Then grab your wrists and really show you a good time, ohh your hair looks so beautiful while I am above you, a little grasp to make sure you don't get away is called for! You are panting now lost in your own pleasure, I think about stopping but I can tell you need this more then I do. I keep going and you are moaning into the bed until your tied wrists start to push me away because you can't take anymore. I untie your wrists, roll you over and cover you with a blanket as I lay down next to you as you come back from outer space I tell you I love you and you just nod your head because you are unable to make words yet. I lay there and hold you petting your face until you can form words again. Then I grab your panties from the ground and help you get dressed so we can go on an adventure somewhere. Just so you know I will be thinking about you bent over the bed, and what I can do to you next time. This really did help me clear my head and calm down a little so I can go to sleep. Not sure if I will share this with you, you probably wont make it this far without needing to stop and take a break. You mean the world to me and I can't believe you constantly put up with me. I would do anything for you even if I struggle in the moment. This has helped me process my sexual frustration of what runs through my head. It think it a helpful way for me to share my fantasies and process my hunger for you. We will see if I share this with you but I do think I will start writing a little more. I hope you are having sweet dreams right now well hoping they are dirty. It that is a story for a different time, good night
#### Reference: