Creation Date: 2025-07-18
2025-07-18T13:56:32-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:
 
 This has been a very fun week. Laicie and I have been communicating well, and she is switching ADHD medicine because #jornay doesn't seem to be working that well. One the clearing of her throat have been REALLY bad, but also she hasn't had much motivation to do much. I have learned to stop and actually spend time with her, which has been very good for our relationship. Actually Wednesday was very sexy, she not only stopped the game we were playing to climb on my lap and make out, but pulled my pants down and, ohh that was fun. Then she covered up with a blanket and I returned the favor. Well I tried, between the dogs down there and how hot I got under the blanket, she couldn't get out of her head. Later that night I pushed her down on the bed and she was fully worn out afterwards. So much so that even the next day she said she still didn't have much energy, lol. Not only that I have been able to understand and set expectations much better. Last night I told her “I cannot promise I don't want more, but I want to push you down on the bed and just make out”. It was nice to feel comfortable sharing all that and not feeling guilty that I want more, even if she doesn’t. I need to lean into this communication because we have grown very close and playful banter between each other. I have been rubbing her back really good and yes, I would like some way to get something in return for that time, I also have enjoyed just growing close to her. We have been watching Son's of Anarchy and some of the thoughts on how if everything in your life is a line on the balance sheet, you are alone. This is in terms of personal relationships and how you go through life. 

I have had so many thoughts based on the actions this week. As I we are getting ready for bed I just dream of you pushing me onto the bed and going down on me. I also really enjoy when we are snuggling and you play with me under my shorts. I also dream of you joining me in the shower and doing all sorts of dirty things to each other. This reminds me of the photoshoot we did in the shower, that was very fun. I want to do more of those, ohh you were naughty this week too sending me one of those photos at work. That was so sexy, and I couldn't stop thinking of you in that outfit for the next few days. It also makes me want to do it again and take more photos in any new outfits you have. I love how you look and checking you out any chance I get. My mind starts to wander on what I would do to you. I love to tie you up and make you beg. Just teasing you and kissing you all over. This has been a little more of a dirty journal entry then an actual story or plan of what to do with you, but fun way to not filter my thoughts for the week. 

#### Reference: