Creation Date: 2025-07-14
2025-07-14T11:09:59-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:
I love physical touch along with sexual physical touch. I really enjoy being close and holding your boobs. I have told you other times, when I have them in my hands I feel so at Pease, and my brain is calm. I dream of sex with you, especially mouth hugs. Ah, just typing that make me imagine you going down on me. Not only that I fully enjoy doing the same to you. I have so many thoughts and ideas I want to do with you. 

Dreams:
I have many dreams or ideas I would like to do with you. 
I would love you to surprise me in the shower, man you are so beautiful naked. I still remember one time on vacation when you were behind me and whispering in my ear during out fun. Damn, that was fun. Ohh and just this last vacation the weekend before fourth of July 2025, just hearing you say you wanted to go down to the dock and have sex, was so exciting to hear. It really was a shame your body was not cooperating with that. 

I also feel so close to you at night when you are laying in my lap and I am rubbing your back. I also have a hard time staying focused because I imagine all the things you can do in that position. I love when you run your hands up my pants and touch me. I also dream of you just initiating a mouth hug, and me just laying back and relishing in the feelings. Ahhh, everything about you is so sexy. 

Last night I was giving you a great back rub, with lotion, so I must really love you. Then even though I asked if your front needed a rub and you said no, you rolled over and looked so beautiful and relaxed. I love seeing you at peace and I could see the love in your eyes. Ohh, not to mention as we were getting gin bed, you getting ready just standing there in a tee-shirt that just barely covered your booty. Damn, I just want to stare, well that is a lie, there are many many other things I want to do! 

I struggle reading your signs, and even just knowing what signs to be looking for. I know last night was rough because your throat is causing such discomfort. I joking said, we haven't tried sex to help with your throat. I fear saying things like becuase I don't want to cross any lines. I really appreciated your honesty when you reminded me of the relationship video talking about your mental load, and how that affects your ability to get in the mood. It is so hard to deal with you clearing your throat and not knowing why or how to do anything to make it better. Not only the clearing of the throat, but how much full body pain, and piercing pain it causes up your neck. 

I have so many thoughts of bending you over the bed, just about any time you come out of the bathroom. Also talking about having sex on the kitchen island would be challenging becuase of the height, but maybe I could go down on you while you sit on the counter. That would be fun. Also sitting on he couch, we did that one and I really enjoyed being with you. Ohh the Hot tub, that is always a dream I have, every time we are in a hot tub. We did a little one time in Gatlinburg, and I continue to think about it. Ohh you interrupting what I am doing and going down for a mouth hug, ahhhhhh. I love the times in the garage you have done that. My only wish would be for longer times, right as I am settling in to how it makes me feel, it is over and I am longing for more. I would love to be pushed onto the bed an you to just tease me and take your time, I would be so turned on I can't even imagine how long I could last before pushing you off and not only returning the favor but taking you for a pleasure ride. 

Ohh the last time we had sex, the next day when you told me you wanted me in your mouth, the confidence and way you told me. Damn, that was so hot and had me thinking of you all day. I love you flashing me, I still day dream about the time you texted me at work, to watch the camera as you flashed me. That is a dream I have had and I never told you. I love seeing you comfortable, and confident in your body. Some of the other dirty texts you have sent are so amazing, bathing suit in the incorrect position, grabbing yourself. I have started to judge how you are feeling on your willingnessto flash me. I can tell you love me and “Like” me when you do that. 

You are the love of my life, and I do not just love you for all the sexual things, your kindness is such an inspiration to me. I am so impressed in how you can create metephors to help me understand. Your emotional intelligence and ability to identify how others are feeling still boggles my mind. I love how much we have taught Tillman, well mostly you, even though it can be so frustrating when he uses that understanding against us. I am so impressed in your talent in everything you touch, how you have been able to create such amazing art in so many form factors blows my mind. I am still so impressed in how much throught and detail that went into your entrepreneurship class in starting your craft store. Your ability to find gifts for people also continues to amaze me. I love seeing the joy you get in giving people gifts, and their excitement in how personal your gifts are. I know you put so much work into the gifts for Tillman's teacher gifts, and they are so appreciative of them. I love how much effort you have been putting into your school, on top of watching Cannon, while still being a great mother to Tillman. I am so thankful for how much you have pushed for doing the hard things both for yourself but also Tillman and me. I have grown so much and feel so much more confidence in my feeling and overcoming challenges. Just this past week as I had to deal with my Aunt in discussing  my mom. It was so empowering when you texted me "You’re so smart and you’ve come so far. I am so proud of you.”. I have loved growing with you throughout the years, even when they haven't all been great. It reminds me how scared I started to feel early this summer 2025, when I was talking to Alex and talking about the neighbor who got married and divorced in a 6 month period. I said “There have been 6 months we didn't get along”, and you chimed in, “what”. I was scared at first and started to back pedal because I didn't want to hurt your feelings. You continued with “I hope they were the SAME 6 months”, this was conforming knowing you understood my meaning, and were not mad at me. I know we have had some very rough times, and we were very distant. I love where we are and how we are communicating to continue to grow. I know I need to continue to be open and talk about me feelings. I have so many internal thoughts I am afraid to say, but keeping them inside and festering, only makes things worse, in addition to how my thoughts are so  much worse then reality. 

#### Reference: