2025-08-20 08:34

Tags: #DailyNote 

It has been a while, I took Monday and Tuesday off for Laicie's birthday and we had a good time. Let me back up, This was a good weekend also, we went out on the boat with the mimbela's on Sat, they actually beat us to the boat. They are usually the ones running late. We had a great day, yes the kids got a little cranky at times, because we were out All day, but they also had so much fun. I need to find time to edit all the footage, because I brought both the Gopro and the Insta, so I have hours of footage I imagine. All the kids tubed, the Mom's tubed, even Ruben and Ashley tubed. We ran over to Wendy's for lunch, and as we were finishing we heard some thunder. Ruben looked at the weather and we went up the Wendy's to ride out the storm. This was almost a challenge because Tillman had fallen asleep on the boat on the way over, and waking him up is usually a big issue. Thunder woke him up an even though he was tired, he knew he didn't want to get rained on. After lunch we found a beach because the kids really wanted to just swim. Ruben, Christian, and I went out to Ski and knee board. That was a lot of fun. I hadn't skied in like 10+ years, well more like 15-20 actually. I usually wake board, but I was able to get up on my first try and going back and forth between the wake. Ruben was very high strung, he needed things to be done his way, and didn't want to listen to other people. This finally got on Laicie's nerve and she spoke up while we were at the beach. She was like “We are smart people, and have intelligent thoughts, so please listen”. He was worried that a water bottle thrown in the water would get water inside, because it is designed to keep water in NOT out. That is a good thought, but I don't think it was that much a problem, I have not noticed that in water bottles in the past. Overall it was a very fun day. Laicie and Ashley were a little burned the next day, but we did a pretty good job of keeping sunscreen on everyone. We stopped at Carpi's in Barea on the way home to make spaghetti a few night this week. That is always nice because the car smells so good! Sunday was pretty relaxed I don't remember much that we did, I think we just chilled and I did some laundry. We have so much laundry, I really should start doing like a load each day. 

Monday Laicie and I didn't have any plans, we planned on just “dillie dallying” and ended up at Home Depot doing a project for her plants. We were there a long time, as I figured what wood and parts we needed based on her idea and the ChatGPT photo of what will become the plant corner. She wanted like L shelves in the back porch bump out. So we bought all the wood, screws and braces and headed home. I got to to work, it was really nice to have my own miter saw on a cart, because I was able to easily pull it out, I used a projector stand as an out feed support, it really worked well. I set the insta360 up to make a #YouTube video of it all,. There was one shot where I set the camera up behind the saw and set it to 100 frames per second, so I could try to get a really cool slow-mo shot. We will see how it turns out. Ohh, I forgot to mention while tubing I brought the Insta360, and I made a homemade float for it by cutting a noodle and sliding it over the handle! I got some good footage of me cutting and assembling some of the parts, I didn't do a whole lot of talking, so I either need to work on that, or do those videos differently next time. Then I went to pick up Tillman from school. When I got home I started sanding all the parts with Laicie, we sanded everything, but she only painted the shelves not the brackets because it was very hot and already been a long day.  Tillman come home and gamed some, then we all sat and ate pancakes, that Tillman had been asking for. We made sure to get him to bed early for school.

Tuesday was another adventure filled day, I gave Laicie her Halloween #lego wreath and she was so excited and loved it. We had Cannon for half the day, and Laicie started to look at school stuff. She got really confused because one of the class syllabi didn't match the professor. It listed one person and was for a 6 week summer class, but she is signed up for a full semester with a different teacher. It looks like that may have been like the “peer reviewer’s” syllabus that the professor just uploaded. So she is feel a little better. Then Laicie started to paint the braces for the plant shelves, and I watched Cannon and watered her plants. I really was getting stressed trying to do too many things at once. Finally it was time to take Cannon home and I ran her up to the QT to meet Briana, then home before I ran to get Tillman from school. On the way I watched different #YouTube videos on [[Boudoir]] so I could learn some better posing to do with Laicie. I am excited about this, I love seeing her in that, and the fun we have taking the pictures. I do get stressed because I don't know how to pose well, and also not as comfortable behind the camera. Not to mention, Laicie is struggling with her confidence a little, so she is extra picky on her photos. I did a few more chores, dishes and moved some things before playing #overcooked with Laicie and Kayla before they left for her birthday dinner. Jordan was unable to come because her grandma was in the hospital, and Ashley backed out at the last minute because she “had to take a "Xanax earlier in the day". I know she is stressed with all the things going on with Ruben and they had a HARD talk on Monday, but this was special to Laicie and important. It really hurt Laicie that she wasn't able to come, even though she was kinda excepting it. While they were gone I hung up the shelves, cleaned up my mess, and put some plants on the shelves so she would have one more surprise on her birthday. I had bought one more #lego set, a sunflower, and as I was showing Laicie and Kayla the plants I realized one of the dogs had tried to build the set on the back porch. I rushed out there and picked up all the pieces I could find and hoped it was all of them. I looked at the back of the book and saw that I was missing two pieces. I hoped I could find them, so I went back out and I was so lucky I found them! I was so glad they were on the back porch and not the yard because I haven't cut back there in months and most of the yard it like up to my knees or waist. That is a project for another day, lol. Laicie and I played some move overcooked then headed to bed. 


