2025-08-13 08:10

Tags: #DailyNote 

It has been a few days since I last wrote something, and a lot has happened. I went to the Greer Ham Club meeting Monday night and I always enjoy that. I almost didn't go because it was also the first day or school for Tillman but I am glad I did. Not only did I enjoy the meeting and we went to Wild Ace after. We had good conversation and I was able to share some knowledge about cameras and my 3d printer. I know I am the youngest probably by 10-15 years but I really feel like I fit in with them. As we are finishing up and getting ready to head out, the waitress comes in and says “one of your members fell in the parking lot”. We rushed out to see what was going on. He was laying on the ground in front of his car. One of the staff members was taking out the trash and heard his head hit the ground. I jumped into action and grabbed my first aid kit out of the car and went over the help. One person asked if I was a medic, I said “No but I am an Eagle Scout and CPR certified”. I do really excel at situations like this, I started to do a little bit of an assessment, checking if he knew his name, year, what he had just eaten, simple things to see what may be going on. He said he left the restaurant and was feeling dizzy. They called 911 and the SUV showed up first, they hooked him up to the EKG machine and took over. We got his phone and called his wife, that was a little struggle to unlock his phone, then we used face ID and called her. I stayed right there with him and helped keep his wife focused. She sounded like she didn't have a car or didn’t drive, so called a close family friend to meet at the hospital. She then started to worry about the car and I said “Don’t worry about that, they will NOT tow it and are aware of the situation, just get to the hospital and figure out what is going on.” The ambulance showed up shortly after and it sounded like he had a #GCS of as close to 15 as you could be. I really want to look that up and see if I can learn a little more about that. They started an IV and I used my flashlight to help. they got him off to the hospital and the family friend was going to meet them there. Ohh, this guy's name was Dale Ellis, I looked him up and he is a flight instructor here at the Greer Airport. I made sure to share the information with the paremedics, his wife's name and who the person meeting them there was. He also had power of attorney. So that was an eventful night. Tillman crashed and was asleep when I got home, but Laicie and I watched a few episodes of Sons of Anarchy before going to sleep. I shouldn't have taken a Pepsi to the meeting, because it took me forever to fall asleep, it was about 1 before I finally fell asleep. 

Tuesday I thought was going to be a full but slower day because I thought I had #PowerBI training. I didn't so I was able to really catch up and get ahead of a few projects I have. Helped our new Project Lead for about an hour in the morning start to find a groove and answer some questions. Then I tried to find any meetings I had declined for the day as my training is actually on the 26th. Laicie woke up throwing up and really wanted me to come home to help with Cannon. I told her I was unable to, she was frustrated and I got the “I'm fine, I will figure it out” I hate those words it makes me feel so much like a failure, but I think I have asked to work from home just about once a week for the last few weeks because something has come up. I did have a 1:30 and 2:00 meeting so I wasn't even able to help pick up Tillman. She made it through the day, said she had to pull over to throw up on the way to pick up Tillman and Cannon never napped, but she made it through. She was still feeling off when I got home so I watched her play a new game on Steam for a while before cooking dinner. Tillman came down and wanted to watch #underdogs narrated by Ryan Reynolds, which is a really good show on National Geographic. Before we watched we played a few levels of #overcooked, I really need to work on my communication while playing with Tillman. I focused on what I think he should be doing and get very stressed and stop talking. This only makes things worse and not very fun. We finished the levels and watched the episode then got Tillman ready for bed. We both fell asleep fairly quickly, but Laicie woke me up at like midnight to go sleep downstairs because there was a bad thunderstorm. Panda HATES storms and was shaking all night! I slept very well and felt so rested this morning. This worked in my favor because Tillman was not having it this morning, I woke him up at 6:30, but it took him until 7:05 to actually get moving and saying “he didn't feel well”. I had to contain myself because we were running late at that point and I was getting stressed. I knew that would only make thing worse so I took some breathes and worked through it. I finally got him in the car, it was like 7:22 but with it being the 3rd day of school we yes were late, after 7:45, but I didn't have to walk him inside. He did fine once we got in the car and driving, and actually talked a little on the way to school. He walked in to school like nothing had happened this morning and I am sure is going to have a great day. I need to get to work, but wanted to write all this down. 
