2025-08-27 08:13

Tags: #DailyNote 

Yesterday was pretty lame. Yes it was nice to not have my normal work, but the training for Power BI was not as helpful as I had hoped. We finally got into a little bit of new or useful items after lunch, but it was really like 30 min of the whole day worth of training. The nice thing was Stephen, Mo and a few others from the team were on it, so I didn't get random messages or anything from them. After work was interesting, I came home and started the oven for the rotisserie chicken Laicie bought last week. It said it was going to take an hour in the oven. So me getting home around 5 meant I needed to get it started. Laicie and I tried to play overcooked, but she kept getting interrupted by someone. Mostly it was her brother who is VERY upset about the engagement situation with his mom. Then Laicie's mom would call to be like, Wil is upset and why can’t he just be happy. Laicie was trying to explain, he is just caught off-guard, and feeling hurt. It isn't anything against her or this guy. Yes it seems very fast, because they haven't been dating for more then 6 months, and his wife just died a few weeks ago. She had dementia, so he probably has been grieving. We didn't even know his last name until AFTER the engagement and Laicie specifically asked. I haven't met him, Wil has see him in passing, but never really sat down and met him. We aren't saying we needed him to ask for permission, it just would have been nice to have some sort of connection, or interaction before learning of the engagement. Then Jordan called, she is finally over her manic state, and seems to be back together with John, but the guy she was messing around with during her manic state, was being a jerk when she ended it with him. Understandable, but what did she expect? In the middle of all this Laicie's dad called too, I think just to see how Wil was doing, so they talked a little. He is actually just fine with the situation, but he, just like all of us, knew she probably wasn't going to be single long, she just needs a person, and their money. She is not the greatest at long term budgeting, and spends way too much. It is really nice to see her happy, and excited again, for the longest time she was mad and depressed most of the time. she would blame things on everyone else, and just not the most fun to be around. I am happy for her, I wish there was a little more communication and relationship with this guy before they got engaged, but not my circus, lol. Tillman was SUPER slow this morning and we didn't leave the house until 7:20, so I had to walk him into school. I was just telling Laicie we may want to give him specific tasks to be completed earlier, so he can still get out the door at 7:10 like we need him to. I think he likes to do everything at the last minute and doesn't quite see that it takes 5-10 minutes to actually complete all these things. He cannot just wait until 7:08 or 7:10 to get moving, and still make it to the car on time. there is my computer, so I should get to work. 