2025-09-03 12:24

Tags: #DailyNote 

Colonoscopy Day, I started prep last night at 5, which is when I got home. I asked for Suprep, which is much easier for me then the normal Mirilax. It is only 2 6oz bottles of liquid, that you take the night before and the day of. You miss it with about 10 Oz of water or other drink. Then after our finish that you are suppose to drink another 32 Oz of a clear liquid (lemondae) with in an hour of finishing. It doesn't taste good, but it it much easier to just drink one 16 Oz nasty drink 2 times, then trying to finish the whole bottle of Mirilax in I don't know how many drinks. It also starts working fairly quickly, but not super urgent, which is nice. I could definitely tell it was working, and was doing really good by the time I went to sleep. This morning I needed to drink the last bit of prep, and more liquid, but I know I was EMPTY. I worked the morning, and took the rest of the day off, so I had a meeting this morning and a few emails I needed to send. Then Laicie and I headed to take his car tag and iPad to Ashley's so she could pick him up from school. My procedure is at 1:30, so I wouldn't be out in time to pick him up. We also rean to Sam's Club because my Adzenys was ready, I meant to pick it up last week, but I didn't go to Sam's Thursday or Friday, and they were not able to transfer it to Suber Rd. I can definitely tell I haven't had my medicine for a few days. this morning I woke up at 5:50, and as I tried to fall back asleep for a little I could just feel my thoughts bouncing around in my head. While at Sam's I stopped by the T-Mobile hut to compare the S25+ to the S25 Ultra. I ended up buying a new phone, because they offer the same deals but you get a $75 Sam's Gift card. I choose the S25+ and it should be here next week. Laicie can hear me typing away and I have already gone back for blood pressure and pre-check stuff, so they will be calling me back soon. 
