Creation Date: 2025-07-24
2025-07-24T07:33:39-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

Yesterday was much better. I was again very busy at work, but I messaged Laicie a few times throughout the day, and she even sent some sexy pictures, No not that sexy. She had a Lucky Pups Rescue event with the news station,. When I got home I found out Tillman actually asked if he could join, so Tillman will be on the news. Laicie was crafting again. I am so amazed by what she is doing. She started with a blank canvas/board and drew/colored in a bookshelf full of flowers and spider webs. Ahh, of course my computer decides to boot up super fast today, so I will come back and type more later. not much happened yesterday. I stayed busy at work, trying to stay ahead of work for the Infosys team, and meetings, so many meetings. I also set up so many in the future. I do enjoy meetings, and I have been using #Obsidian at work to try to keep things organized and focused. Still have a ways to go but I am really enjoying it so far. I was really tired yesterday, so we headed up to bed a little earlier and I think I fell asleep close to 11 instead of 12 or 1 a lot of nights. Well as my computer finally finished booting up, it pops up that a restart is required in 8 hours. I may as well just restart it now, otherwise it will probably need it right as I am in the middle of something important. I texted #john some because Jordan ended things with him, and it is just hitting him, he and I are similar in may ways so I was sharing some things that have helped me throughout the years. Mostly recently as I have been trying to work on myself. I was telling him to #journal or just write things down and “Brain Dump”, it is just a good way for me to process things. It wasn't very kind the way Jordan did this, they hadn't really talked or acknowledged anything was wrong. That is hard to process because I especially want to know what I did. to just have it end and not really know what happened or even that I didn't have CONTROL in what happened is very hard for me to process. I think John stuck there too, not knowing what happened. It sucks I remember. I told him to try to process it and not just hide the feelings. He will learn and grow so much more if he can sit with them, and learn to process emotions. That has been my struggle for years, I don't acknowledge or label my feelings, and just ignore them and move on. This doesn't allow me to move on, so I carry the hurt and “failure” which makes future experiences worse. I have been working on this and am much better at talking through my emotions an feelings in the moment, I need to continue to work on my ACTIONS. I do not always make the changes and speak in the calm tone I would like. Like Laicie always says “An escalated adult cannot deescalate a child”. This is such great advice, but I still try to ignore it and realize after the fact what I did. That is all for now. 
#### Reference: