Creation Date: 2025-07-18
2025-07-18T13:11:49-04:00
## Tags: #life #DailyNote 

# Notes:

This has been a good week. Tillman was so excited for Christian and Scarlett to come home, they have been on an extended vacation to Ireland, Florida, and the beach. They ended up spending the night, and Tillman was so helpful and kind. It was so cute, he even was excited for me to come and see his room, that he cleaned for them. It looked quite good, we also cleaned out the fish tank, that was Way overdue. I ended up draining it completely and even rinsing the rocks a few extra times. Tillman was a big help and didn't once complain. Laicie and I have been playing Switch games and really enjoyed “It Takes Two”, we completed that and trying Unwind, which is fun, but really misses a story line. Additionally the controls are more than Laicie is use to, so it has had a larger learning curve. Just last night we started Overcooked, which is fun, but also very challenging. I wish the levels were a little smaller of steps, you go from like the basics to way more, in just a level or two. Still fun, and it really forces you to communicate. Laicie and I have been communicating well and even had some FUN times. This past weekend was stressful because of [[Meeting with Cindy]] to talk about mom. There was lots of drama and anger because I didn't drive the 1:20 to Grandma's and home, for this discussion. Even though Stu joined virtually since he lives in CA. I joined virtually and got yelled at by Cindy, but we were still able to have a good discussion. Ohh, it was also funny because Cindy even left her phone at her house, so we had to use Grandma's. We were able to come up with some plans, Cindy signed mom up for unemployment, and mom is actually able to get some money. Work has been crazy, in all the work I have on my plate, as we transition our new teammate. I have been managing the 3 Infosys teammates, along with the new teammate in GVL. The Infosys team moves very fast, so the middle of this week I had to create so much documentation for the 6+ items they completed within days of each other. It has really been a challenge for me, but also helping me to find systems and processes to stay on top of all the steps in the process. This also has been busy working with 2 different teams on dashboards. These dashboards have been interesting conversations because the teams do not know what they don't know, so gathering all the requirements and planning is a lot of work. I finally ordered a headset at work, so I didn't have to keep struggling with my Bluetooth headset and Truist's limits on Bluetooth devices. I really wish I could ask for a raise because I have been doing way more and expected to manage much more then I have in the past. I know there isn't room for that, and I have had some very slow times in the past, so it does all equal out I guess. I am finding writing things down is very helpful for me, there was a night I couldn't sleep so I wrote down what was running through my head, and it was very helpful. Laicie also really liked my thoughts from that note. I had my #infusion this week, along with blood donation at work. It was nice too because the blood donation was $70 gift card, so I need to convert those points! 

I have been building out my Obsidian notes at work, and have found some systems and best practices that work well for me. I even had a really good validation for it this week, when Mo asked for something, and I was very quickly able to find it because of everything being accessible in one place, vs looking in my Notes folder for the specific note. I am also working on tracking the things I do each day in a weekly note for future review. I was just telling Laicie I seem to be in a cycle, where as I get close to scheduled reviews at work, that is when negative things seem to happen. This could just be I am aware of them more because the review is coming up, but time will tell. This is another reason I am working on writing down each day the different things I completed that day. This also helps me see ALL that I am doing, even if it doesn't fell like I did that much. I am trying to figure out tasks and task management, along with building out my templates. 

I think we might be getting together with Ruben and Ashley this weekend to go out on the boat or something, so that should be fun. I have really enjoyed seeing Tillman so excited to play with them. I need to work on finding time for the things I want/need to do because it has been a few weeks since our vacation and I still need to finish editing the video. I also should go though and clean-up or reorganize my notes because as I just brain dump it isn't always laid out very smooth. I also think some of that will come with doing it more. Again, need to plan time to do this. 
#### Reference: