2025-08-26 08:04

Tags: #DailyNote 

Tillman was very slow again this morning, I don't know what more to do with him. I need to talk to him more to get out the door on time. The day was pretty laid back at work, Yes I got a not happy email form my boss (Stephen) because I had 3 items that were past due. The nice thing though is I wasn't the only one. He was frustrated that “with all the tools provided” we are not looking at All our items daily. My issue is I have 25 projects, where most of the other project leads have about 15. This really isn't that many, but Smart wasn't built to navigate as a Project Lead, it was mostly just a tracking and status tool. So going in to each of my 25 and looking at each one daily, just takes time I do not have. Then the reporting that is provided, I still haven' to figured out the correct way to use it. I find it very confusing to identify the ones that I need to look at. I spent most of my day working on my own code to pull the my requests, and show the CURRENT status, based on which one is filled out. So I will work on that a little more to see if that will help. Ruben messaged me mid day to see what I was doing after work, he wanted to stop by and bring the roof rack to me and Christian wanted me to take a look at his computer. The computer was missing a key, and I ordered the correct part. Ruben also brought his favorite mini Bluetooth speaker because it fell and some wire came off the circuit board. He wanted to see if I could fix that. I pulled out my soldering iron and it took a little but I got it working. I wish I had recorded it because to see the joy on his face when it started to play music again was really cool. Ohh I forgot to mention, Laicie had just taken her shirt off so I could better rub her back, when Ashley and the kids walked in the door. Laicie jumped and walked over to the kitchen to put here shirt on. She said she had just had the thought to put her shirt on because if someone walked in they would see her, lol. They stayed for a couple hours, and I started spaghetti for dinner. Laicie and I played #overcooked and beat quite a few levels. It was really nice to see the Mimbela’s, Tillman even said he was bummed they couldn't stay longer. Laicie and I were really into each other and kissing a lot during our game. It was so fun. When we headed upstairs it was on! We had a really good time connecting! Then we watched some Sons of Anarchy and I fell asleep. It was am amazing “day”. Today at work I have PowerBI training all day, so we will see how that goes. One nice thing is I think alot of the team is in the training also. I am going to grab a Pepsi to drink while learning and get my computer all set up for some training. Talk later! 
