2025-08-05 07:31

Tags: #DailyNote 

Wow yesterday was interesting, I have had this bruise/bump on the bottom of my foot for years, It comes and goes but it had come back very recently, I knew I was past due for my dermatologist appointment so I planned on going there. Laicie pointed out it was my foot, and she really liked her podiatrist so I figured I would give them a call too. I called there and the first new patient appointment was Sep 12th, more then a month away. I wasn't sure if I would still be hurting like I was at that time, so I called the derm. One for my manual checkup, and two I had mentioned last time about this bump, since skin is skin, right? She did a full exam and then looked at my foot, she said she could do a biopsy and we could go from there. I was ok with whatever, I just wanted some answers. I had an MRI of my foot years ago and they didn't find anything. So she put some numbing cream on the spot and worked on the 90 dementia patient next door as we waited for that to work. She started to scare me a little by showing concern on the pain and discomfort I might feel. She did a couple shots of numbing medicine then started to use the 3mm, I think, punch. I flinched because I could feel it a little on the inside part of my foot. She added some more numbing and we tried again. Overall that part went very well and I didn't feel any pain. This is where things started to get interesting. She took the sample out and said it would be sent to Vanderbilt for testing. She then started to “close” the wound. At first she tried this plant based thing, that is suppose to help stop the bleeding and give the body a sort of scaffolding to heal around. That looked like an iodine type solution on a cotton stick. Well that didn't work, I was still bleeding a good bit. The nurse tried holding pressure on the hole for probably 10-20 min, seeing if it would stop. It didn't, so we turned to cauterizing. I had asked the nurse what that thing on the wall was, as she was holding pressure, lol, always asking questions. Dr. Roach tried to cauterize and it just wouldn't stop bleeding. 

<% tp.file.cursor(1) %>
