Creation Date: 2025-08-11
2025-08-11T08:05:55-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

	It was a very long weekend, I took Thursday and Friday off, we didn't do a whole lot, Laicie was a little bummed about that, but we did do a few things as a family, Tillman really fought not being able to game. We still had a good time, we played some #Overcooked. Laicie played #PlumGrove. I tried to meet up with my cousin #catie but they ended up at the hospital becaseu Miles, her son had a thing on his face that they couldn't get stopped bleeding. I tried to then text the next day to check on them and see what they were up to but never heard anything back. My mom has now done over 10 trips with instacart. This was a long weekend for Laicie because she is stressed about Lander not calling her back or responding on the financial situation with them. They never let her know, she had been checking and about a month ago saw that her financial aide wasn't approved. She called and had to send in some documenting and they should be able to overturn and approve the monies, but still no response and school starts this week. It is so frustrating that what should be simple things seem to take so long. I really enjoyed the few days off, I didn't really get into mnay things of my own, but I was there to be with Tillman and Laicie. Yesterday we went to Big Air for Christian's birthday, It was suppose to be a vacation to the same house we stayed at on Hartwell, but Ruban's father had a heart attack this weekend, so he went home to Peru. Ashley sucks at planning and communication so it was really rough on Laicie. She has been giving to so many people she was feeling very used, and empty. It was very hard yesterday morning trying to decide if she was coming to Christian's birthday party at Big Air. She wanted to go but also didn't want to just ignore the fact that Ashley hasn't been a great friend lately. She just hasn't been communicating and just taking a lot from Laicie without any really care for her. I am glad Laicie has Kayla, who has been a good friend as Jordan and Ashley have been distant. Jordan is in a very manic state and not making smart decisions. One she broke up with John, but is not being clear about it all, second she then has slept with multiple other guys and recently has decided she is going to divorce Alex, and move to TN with one of these new guys, who is very much an opposite of her. Laicie has given some tough love and honest advice, and she is just so exhausted from giving up much. Tillman did great at the first day of school, I asked if he wanted me to walk him in and he said "he was good". He was really cute this morning too because I remembered it was P. E. Day so I wanted him to wear shoes. I didn't really think they would do much but just in case. He then asked me to grab his "Slip and Slides", the blue croc sandels so he could wear those and switch to the shoes for PE if needed. It was just so cute to hear his description, so I didn't correct him. That reminds me of years ago when he needed a shirt right side out and, darn I don't remember what he called it, "untangle" something like that. Well my computer is booted up and I have over 60 emails to go through so I will get back to this later. 
	

#### Reference: