2025-09-16 08:02

Tags: #DailyNote 

It was a very full day at work. I was exhausted when I got home, not physically but mentally I just wanted to do nothing. Some of it was because of trying to sell my car and dealing with all the people on Facebook marketplace. I have had alot of interest, but getting people to actually follow through has been a challenge. That does come with that marketplace, but still. So I talked to Laicie a little, then I gave in and got the laptop to play #cityskyline with her. We played for a good bit, then I started some noodles for her and Tillman. As Tillman came in the garage to eat, he then really wanted to play, so I finished the noodles they didn't, Laicie made too much, and Tillman played. He really enjoys putting on the mods, Unlimited Money, and Unlock all achievements so he can just build and do everything. His maps are very different, and hasn't quite figured out the mechanics, his roads will be like right on top of each other, or build so many powerlines. He is having fun, and we are together as a family so it is all fun. He has become interested in making "casts" our of paper, he glues them in a cylinder to place over his arm. It was cute this morning, because as he went to get out of the car, he was tucking them into his backpack to take to school. I love that he has friends and is enjoying his time at school. I still need to work on him getting up in the mornings, but his attitude is much better, it does make a huge difference in how I interact with him, and managing my attitude. I am so proud that I have been able to make those changes because it really makes a difference in the whole day too. Well my computer booted up fairly fast today, and I have a few meetings, so I should get to work. Until next time... 

