2025-08-25 08:09

Tags: #DailyNote 

It has been a few days, and a lot has happened. I am going to try to keep it short, because I have alot to get through today at work. Thursday Laicie was really having a rough day so I picked Tillman up early so I could be home for my 2:00 meeting and worked a little later that day to make up for the travel time. Friday was a busy day, and I think I had a couple hours to actually get work done after all the meetings. Sat was a lazy day, we had planned on a family day. We started by watching Ratatoulli and we were really enjoying it. Ashley called Laicie hyperventilating, she was having a panic attack and Ruben was not home, on a trip. He called me and this was the first time he told me they were getting a divorce. I had to transmit some of the information from Laicie over to him, and I could tell he was overwhelmed because he was just rambling. His issue was he only have a few minutes left to cancel his next leg of the trip, but doing so would make him lose $1600 for the trip. On top of that he would still have to fly home and he wouldn't be home until 11 pm or later. If he finished the trip and then came home, he would be home around noon the next day. I told him he should call, just to CHECK on Ashley but not to try to talk to her or add anything to the situation, that isn't what he did. He finished the trip and Ohh I forgot to say, Laicie went over there after Ashley called, so she was there taking care of Ashley through all of this. Yes Arden was over there too, but she is not someone I would want in an emergency. Actually, Laicie even said she was drunk, and still drinking during all of this. There was a time Laicie said something about the kids, and leaving which caused Ashley to freak out. She was like “you aren't leaving me are you”, to Laicie, this really pissed Arden off, and she left shortly after. She even texted later saying she was very hurt when Ashley said that. Laicie got Ashley calm and back to normal and came home around 5 that night. Tillman and I just chilled, ohh that is the day I ran to get Tillman's medicine, but  because of the change on Thursday I didn't have a chance to get gas at lunch. So I ran out of gas on the way to Target to get his medicine. Jordan was at the hospital with her mimi, and yes I could have called Blake or Chris I am sure, I wasn't too far from home. I walked home, probably like 15 minutes, and borrowed Jordan's car to get the gas can out of my trunk and Tillman's medicine. I put the gas in my car and came back home in Jordan's. I just chilled at home and was doing googling on #ham radio stuff. I saw John's car over, so I texted him that if he was running out somewhere could he give me ride to my car so I could bring it home. He texted a little later and I jumped in with him to get my car. So I was finally back at home with my car and had a little gas in it. Laicie came home and we had a good night. 

Sunday we finished Ratatoulli and I did more laundry. Laicie and I had a “good” time and it was a really nice day. There was one time Laicie pointed out she was feeling lonely as I was cleaning and moving things, so I sat and we played some #overcooked. Jordan came over for a little bit and she is doing much better, she had like 7 weeks where she was manic and NOT making good decisions, this was all the John drama, and even talking about divorcing Alex, and moving to NC with this new guy she met. Wild wild time. Overall it was a good weekend, we started doing more family chores and getting Tillman to stay on track and pay attention to timing of things

Monday was a rough morning, Tillman would not wake up. I woke him up at 6:15, 6:30, 6:45, and 7:00 just trying to get him to get moving. He still was laying not dressed at 7:10 which is when we need to be leaving by, so he did not get his Ipad in the car. I actually liked that because I was able to talk to him a little. I tried to not ask questions, and focus on I statements when I needed to. It was mostly just random conversations, and he was at least partially involved. Now I am at work and getting into things here, I have Leigh at 12 and 3 other meetings, so I should be able to organize the week some. 