Creation Date: 2025-07-31
2025-07-31T07:23:59-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

I don't think I have much to write today, I am feeling more confident at work, just So busy. I went from meeting t meeting, I don't know that I had more than an hour to get work done, between all my meetings. A few of them, now feel like a waste of time because we are going to go in a different direction, but we needed the meeting to determine this. Tillman and Laicie were on the news with #luckypupssc. Showing off Poppy (Pop Tart) for adoption. Tillman did great and I shared the vide with most of my family. My mom is still struggling to find a job, I hate if for her. Laicie and I are laughing a good bit more and joking around with each other which I really love. I still am working on talking more about my feelings. Last night, she asked to play a game together and I was in the middle of a different game. I could tell that was a bid for connection, but I was having fun in my own way. Then I cooked dinner for everyone and she moved on to Plum Grove. After eating I was in a sort of limbo, I didn't want to just be on my phone and ignore her, but I also could not really interact or join her in the game. On top of that, later in the night I start doing all the things getting ready for bed, so I struggle if I get too deep into anything. I tried to find ways to help her in the game, or participate more it was just a struggle. I should have vocalize this and try to find some ways to connect more. I was thinking about it so that was a good start. As we got in bed, we were close, I still need to work on my feelings, because I would like more not really in return for, but in a way to acknowledge all the time I spend rubbing her back/legs before bed. I would like this to be sexual, but also I just want to feel the connection. She is feeling much better from this weekend and the hospital visit, she has been trying to drink more water, and I think just getting into a groove again. I love it when we can joke and be playful with each other. I feel so close and loved. Computer is on so I will end here. 
#### Reference: