2025-08-14 08:12

Tags: #DailyNote 

<% tp.file.cursor(1) %>
Tillman didn't want to wake up and said he wasn't feeling good again this morning. He was able to better descibe it, “Sharp pains all over”. He said normally it doesn't last long but now it is lasting much longer. I did get him out of the house mostly on time. We were still at school after 7:45 but the doors were still open. Last night I went with Teammates from Truist to #harvesthope to help pack senior boxes. We had a great turn out, just about everyone from my team was there. It was also really cool because Eric, the host, thought we would do like 6-7 pallets but we ended up doing 12-13. His official count was 539 boxes packed! In just the little less then 2 hours we were there, because of the quick training at the beginning I got the lucky job of moving the pallets, since I had pallet jack experience. That was kinda cool, but also meant it was quite a bit of work for me. I had to move this easily 500-1000 lb pallet to a different area. It really wasn't that bad, but about 20 min in I definitely started to sweat. I was smart, even though we were in a refrigerated area, I brought my Ryobi fans. I set the bigger one up to blow on me and we just knocked these out. After that which ended a little later then a normal work day, I went home and we played some #tickettoride on the #switch. I thought I was doing pretty well but then I was blocked, I tried to take new tickets to offset it but in the end I came in last place, because I ended with 3 tickets I was unable to complete. We didn't stay up too late, I think I went to sleep around 10:40, and I feel quite rested today. Overall it was a good day, we will see how Tillman does today with not feeling good. 