Creation Date: 2025-07-30
2025-07-30T07:31:15-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

Yesterday I was a little stressed because I had my mid-year review. I have  been feeling like I am dropping the ball, and wasn't sure how the review would go. I have been getting into a better groove and feel like I have made big changes since taking over thee Infosys team, and Bob retiring. I had chatted with #chatgpt on how to have the conversation, yes it didn't really sound like me [[2025-07-26 Discussion with Stephen]] but it was super helpful to think through. I had meant to reread it before our meeting but I have been so busy at work, I didn't really have time. I still knew the main points I wanted to discuss, and I feel so much better after the review. I was able to share that I didn't feel I had the resources needed to complete expectations, and Communication had been an issue. There were emails I was not included on, that I was suppose to know about, how does that work. It was also nice because scheduled that same day was a #projectlead meeting, that was very informative and helpful. Stephen went over what he is looking at daily, there was one part that could be used to help prioritize which requests to work on first. I felt my confidence coming back, and ready to tackle things again. I had been chatting with #john because he is really struggling with #jordan breaking things off with him. I am thinking back to my college days, when I was lost in my relationship journey, and sharing the lessons I have learned recently while working on being the best I can be with #laicie. I am really finding jornaling is helpful along with talking to an AI, just allows me to brain dump without the judegement, while also leading me to thoughts and discoveries I wouldn’t have thought of. #tillman was super kind yesterday, with laicie going to the Hospital the night before, she was resting most of the day. The #spectrum went out, and Tillman messaged me from Laicie’s ipad, becasue he didn’t have internet. Laicie told me later that night that she was proud of him, that he knew she didn’t feel well so didn’t bug her constantly about it not working. Yes, this morning when I told him how proud of him I was he pointed out, Laicie turned on her hotspot, so he wasn’t without internet that long. He was very resourceful and didn’t break down, or be mad at anyone, that in the past he might have. He is growing up to be such a great kid. Both Laicie and i have been trying to spend more time with him and doing what HE wants. This involves playing #growagarden on #roblox. it is actually quite fun, and to hear him talking us through things and just being a part of something he enjoys is really helping build our bond. Laice and I played #tickettoride on the switch, and they have something called “couch play” that loads the board on the Switch, but your “hand” is on your personal phone. It went much faster than an actual game, but it was also very fun. I actually BEAT Laicie by 1 point on one of the games, so that was exciting! then we just snuggled and fell asleep. Overall yesterday was a very good day and I could feel my confidence level at work and at home really growing.
#### Reference: