2025-08-21 08:09

Tags: #DailyNote 

Life is going good, Tillman was Super late to shool yesterday morning. He just wouldn't wake up, we didn't leave the house until 7:45or so, which is when school STARTS. I was very proud of myself because I stayed calm and just sat in there to try to get him up. He just wasn't doing what I asked, and I was able to share that I was angry he wasn't listening, or doing what he needed to do. I sat in there for about 30 min trying to get him up, he would just try to pull the covers back over and roll over. I had to say “I dont’ want to be more annoying but you need to be moving”. I could have kept poking him, or flipping the lights on and off but I didn't, I knew those things would only make it worse. I get so angry when I do not feel like he hears me or does what he is asked. This isn’t something new, all of last year he knew we needed to leave no later then 7:10 to make it to school on time. I think he stayed up too late and was really really tired. Work was very busy, I had close to 100 emails from being off the past two days, so I had some catching up to do. Yes I had a email from Stephen, that 4, I know I know, of my projects were past due, because they had due dates while I was out. I am bummed about those, but I also feel very overwhelmed because of How many I am working on, and trying to keep track of. Especially compared to everyone else. I finally got with Kyle and connected to the SMART database, so I could pull just the information I want from SMART. I think what my problem was is I had 2 tracking sheets and I only worked off the Infosys one, so anything that wasn't Infosys I missed. I had made sure to go over all the Infosys ones and change any dates I needed. I hate it, I feel like I really really messed up when I miss those timeliness. I know it was on my mid-year review to do better, and everyone had issues with it. It just feels like so much more for me because I am used to being Very on top of everything. There is just SO many parts I have, on top of any NEW projects, it gets very confusing trying to keep it all straight. Today I plan on pulling all my items, and seeing what a few of the other project leads have. I don't know that I  want Less work, I do enjoy being busy and having work to do, but at the same time everything that I have makes it very challenging to keep it all straight. I had like 4 meetings yesterday, on top of cleaning up all the existing projects, and replying to any current issues. It is very challenging, I do still like it and do really see how this is pushing me to be better. Homelife is going good too, Laicie worked on a chore list with Tillman and put it on a whiteboard thing to track. We all have daily chores and slide the magnet over when we complete it. Tillman's are simple but he needs to do them by 7:00 pm or he doesn't get his Ipad the next day. There area few that are tied to the morning routine, so if he misses those, like get in the car by 7:10, he is unable to complete it during the day. Others he can do whenever he feels like, as long as they are done by 7:00 pm. He is growing in to such a great kid. He was running a little late this morning, so I didn't let him have his Ipad in the car on the way to school, this was actually nice because I was able to really talk to him. He was telling me about “Admin Abuse” in #roblox where the admin of the game, don't really do bad things in the sense of “abuse”, but change the game for everyone outside of normal updates. They might add special things, or like in #growagarden, Tillman said they would make everything in stock. So people could buy all the things. I talked a little about how “there is no such thing as bad press”, yes they might be abusing their admin privileges but people talking about it is making the game more popular. Tillman was also saying he thought #roblox may crash on Fridays and Saturdays because that is when all the top games update, and will draw even more players. Some of these games have 80,000 or more players every single day. It was really nice to just talk to him, I still need to work on being interested but not just asking questions. Silence is very hard for me and I don't like it in conversation, I know these are the key times in conversations for the real gems to come, so I need to continue to work on sitting in the silence. Ok my computer is booted up and I should get to work. I have fewer meetings today, but still alot of work to do. 