Creation Date: 2025-08-04
2025-08-04T07:42:11-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

This was a really good weekend, Laicie and I were really in sync (good times), and were joking around. Sat was able to clean the pantry with Tillman. We took everything out and checked dates, then went to the pool, and Laicie reorganized and put everything back. I was so surprised when I came back at how much room there was in there. Tillman and I were the only ones at the pool. After 39 straight days over over 90 degrees, new record in Greenville, SC and the state as a whole. It was a calm 70 something day and overcast but we still had a good time. We talked, I learned my lesson to not try to TEACH him anything like I did last time we were at the pool. He had asked about “rent” and mortgages, I saw a little interest so went WAY too deep and far with it. so we just chatted and there were a few times I could see him really feel comfortable and share HIS interests. “Steal the Fish” or “Steal the Brainrot” in #roblox. It was a really good time and we were the only ones there, we played with the watermelon and even did some like push the watermelon in front of you and push off to keep up with it. Laicie and I played #stardew on her laptop, sometime a challenge being a Mac. Sunday morning Laicie and I played some #overcooked and are really getting good, even though a few of the levels are Really hard. Tillman joined in a few games and we were learning to communicate as a family through the game, still have a ways to go, because we all like to do our own things and plan in different ways. Then I helped Tillman clean his room so we could get him to sleep in there again, School starts up on August 11, and he has been sleeping downstairs with the dogs just about all summer. We moved the playroom TV into his room, and he really wanted to arrange it so he could pull the trundle out and play on that. Before bed we watched a weather show about the Tornado in Joplin in 2011 in his room. Mostly to try to get Gloria comfortable and used to his room so she could maybe sleep in there with him. That is why he says he likes sleeping downstairs, because of the dogs. Laicie and I are really communicating well and joking around, it is so nice to hear her laugh and see her smile more. I love her so much an it makes my days so much better! I have a meeting quick with a new to the team Project lead, so I will add a little more later, if I get some time… 
#### Reference: