Creation Date: 2025-07-28
2025-07-28T07:31:43-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

Things are going much better, I am still stressed about work and I actually realized last night I may not be excited to go to work like I have been in the past I just don't know what is going to happen and what fires I have to put out. I like having more control over things and lately, I have been at the mercy of others and their timeliness. The timing isn't really a big deal for me, but it is still frustrating, I am seeing my biggest issue is not knowing the PLAN or what is expected of me. It seems it keeps changing or there is one more thing, that I didn't realized. It comes up at the end and I would have done things differently if I had been aware or able to plan ahead. I talked to Laicie about it and actually also chatted with ChatGPT to help process my thoughts and help draft a conversation about it. I will not be using the text as it is, I still need to either work in #chatgpt to write it more like me, or just summarize and rewrite it myself. We will see, it was nice to just write it all out, and help identify some questions or topics I hadn't thought through. I really need to use and work more with one of these #AI more. I can really see how they can be a valuable tool for me. Not only working through projects but also just for processing my thoughts and helping clarify my decisions. Enough of that, I also had to fix our dryer again, the heating element failed, I think this is like the 4th or 5th time. Luckily it hadn't been that long since I purchased this one, so I contacted Amazon and requested a replacement. I was surprised because they sent a new one even before I had sent the old one back. That does make sense, and I was so appreciative of because I could put the new one in, and send the old one back very timely. Laicie and I had a good weekend, Sat was pretty chill and we played some video games, I took Gloria to get her nails trimmed because she really needed them. Sunday was a very chill day. We slept in and I worked on a #excel project for my dad. He needs help trying to organize all his Insurance information and checking that he is getting paid correctly. I worked on that for an hour or so, then Laicie and I just snuggled and watched some #soa, it was a really nice day. We went into the garage and I cleaned/ went through some boxes to try to find my missing hard drive that has SO many memories on it. Never found it but it felt so good to get some things organized and determine it WASN’T in those places. Then we played some #overcooked on the switch and just chilled. We went to bed and snuggled some more :). It was so nice to just be together and feel close this weekend. Ok, my computer is on an I have to run to the phycistrist in a few min so I will end it there. 
#### Reference: