2025-09-02 08:30

Tags: #DailyNote 

A lot happened since I last wrote. Thursday, Laicie fell down the stairs so I called in sick to work. She is fine, just sore and hurting, but nothing broke or bleeding. I watched Cannon and her, then went to pick up Tillman, wait I think I wrote this in car line waiting on Tillman. Ok well Ashley and Christian came over Friday, and spent the night. Ashley is really getting back to herself again. We all had a good time. Then Sat we hung out and I cut the grass, since it was past my knees. I used both batteries and still didn't quite get it all. Laicie and Ashley went shopping to prepare for Scarlett's birthday, and were gone most of the morning. We had Mexican and margaritas, it was a really good day. We watched the #Clemson game, it didn't quite go how we wanted it to go. It was getting late but Jordan came over to watch the game some, and then went to an “appointment” and came back. It was wild because yes this guy was in his 30’s but still lived with his mom, so she snuck in the window. I don't understand, but we had some good talks and good times. Laicie and I finally went to bed after midnight, while Jordan and Ashley got in the hot tub, naked. They were a little drunk, but we thought they would be OK. Come to find out, the next morning, when Jordan comes over with a big smirk on her face. They made out in the hot tub, and there was some touching. Laicie was very hurt, and mad, so much so that Jordan recognized it and left. Laicie was crying and hurt that one Ashley did more then the mind fuck, she said she was going to do, but also that they both didn't recognize that is was a big deal for Laicie. I could see it brought back the fear of abandonment for Laicie. The secrets friends had behind her back, and the lack of respect for their behavior. Jordan could tell Laicie was hurt and mad at her so she went home. Laicie really struggled for a while, but talked things through with Ashley and is good. Jordan did say she is sorry, but still coming down from her manic episode, so not fully ready to take accountability. Work has been busy, but I finally got the tracking I wanted working with access to the back-end of smart. I still want to add some logic to my summary page to better identify the ones I should pay close attention to. Tillman was slow this morning, I had to walk him in, but overall did good. I start prep tonight at 5, so wish me luck. 
