<% tp.file.creation_date() %>

Tags: #DailyNote 

<% tp.file.cursor(1) %>
Creation Date: 2025-07-22
2025-07-22T07:57:03-04:00
## Tags: #life #journal 

# Notes:

Life has been more challenging the last couple days. Laicie we are pretty sure had a cyst burst, so she is in a lot of pain. Tillman has had some outbursts and had a big yelling match on Sunday. We told him he needed to be done with technology, and he was doing good at the beginning. Then I don't even know how it got started, but he was so flooded. I ended up angerly grabbing his chest, that was scary to both Laicie and Tillman, and I left the room. He wasn't listening and wouldn't let me talk and I just snapped. I came back and appoligised and we were able to talk through things. It was so sad because he said “I broke the family”, I was crying before that because I don't want to act like I was acting. I don't really know what has been different. I guess I would say I feel burnt out, and frustrated because I don't feel like my needs are being met. I feel like I am doing so much for everyone else, and I don't get the same back. I withdraw and get mean. To add to it, Laicie has started to hurt, and I get overwhelmed because I can't do anything about it, or really feel like I am helping. I look to DO things, but this only pulls me further away. I also start to see all the other “Failures” around me and that only fuels my anger more. I see the house not clean, and tie it to them not helping, or me doing so much for them that I can't do these other things. So I shut down and stop being as compassionate as I would like to be. To add to all that stuff at home, my mom is struggling to find a job, and add guilt that she doesn't talk to Tillman. Work has been challenging because of shifting priorities, and overload. So I just want some praise, love, and acknowledgement even for the basic things I am doing. I continue to reach for those and get more angry when I don't get them. This only pulls me further from the people I care about and hurts them in addition to the hurt I am feeling. 
#### Reference: