Creation Date: 2025-07-26
2025-07-26T11:34:16-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

Things are going pretty good. I went to Mrs. Hannah #therapy with Tillman, we were trying to work on our relationshio since we butt heads. We had a bunch of random bit and pieces from broken toys and such, that we were trying to do something with. I was getting anxious because I wanted to be doing something productive, and Tillman was thinking through things in his head. Hannah recognized this and helped us talk through our different styles, and how to work together. I like to talk and work in real life and Tillman does more in his head without talking. I get frustrated because I don't feel heard and I don't know what is going on.  I like to have some sort of plan and be on the same page. I heard a comidian say it about therapy with kids is like 2 for 1 because yes you are working on things with your child, but SO much of it is what can I learn about myself through my child. I have said it before that I think I should write a book on “What I learned about myself being a dad”. All the therapy we have done with Tillman has really taught me more about myself and how to Handel situations differently more so then “fixing” anything about Tillman. The other big thing is Tillman is a huge Mirror to me. The things that make me the most frustrated about him are really just a reflection of me. Work continues to be difficult and I am struggling finding my grove. There are times I feel like they are setting me up for failure, and I have had to really process that and I know this isn't the case. It also doesn't help that my communication style is very different then Mo's so working through things take a little extra work. One thing that has been super frustrating is how I am expected to know things when I wasn't included in the discussions or emails. Not only that but I was handed all these projects that had been handed over muitiple times before and expected to turn them over quickly. I haven't had time to fully vet them or ensure everything is there. So the most current projects went to production after the LOB “Approved” them, and then said, “wait this isn't right”. So then Mo and other people get involved to figure out what is wrong in a “timely” manner, before I have even had a chance to get any answers from anyone. They take longer to give me any answers because even they don't know what is going on with these reports. So I am struggle in in how to express my frustration to my boss, but at the same time quickly fix it all, all the while having additional people stepping in to “help”. Then I also am expected to do all the documentation and planning for the next projects, that in many ways have the same issues as the current ones. Again trying to get information from other people who were handed these without fully knowing what they want or need. Laicie is starting to come out of some depression she had while trying out #jornay, she just didn't have motivation to do very much and we would just play the switch a lot. I did enjoy playing games with her and we found some really cool ones, I just was struggling with trying to spend the time with her, while at the same time trying to do all the daily things that needed to get done too. It is really hard to do chores when she just wants me to sit with her, and play. On top of that seeing her missing the Joy and drive was also difficult. For months if not years was always doing some sort of project or craft, then she went to just playing video games. I struggled in thinking to myself what she would say to me if roles were reversed and I was the one playing games so much. I still am working on talking to her more candidly and I have come a long way, I have been asking her to grab me drinks and vocalizing that I want to sit and play with her but I need to do these others things first. I want to be more assertive and more of a leader, but I also need to be able to be vulnerable. I was able to talk to her some yesterday about my struggles at work, and I am actually going to get on #chatgpt or one of those and try to figure out how to talk to my boss about things. I think that is a good summary so I will end it here. 
### Referencep