Creation Date: 2025-07-23
2025-07-23T12:20:46-04:00
## Tags: #DailyNote #journal 

# Notes:

Yesterday was rough, Laicie was really hurting and asked me to stay, home. Tillman had Christian and Scarlett spend the night so I had to take them home. I forgot to kiss Laicie goodbye with everything I was doing in the morning. ti's really hurt her feelings and I was confused because I had worked from home half the day yesterday, because she was hurting. Yes, looking back, I didn't really do much for her while I was home. I did just work, but I struggle because I need to work, I am the only one working so I feel the weight of that. In addition to that, she thought a cyst had burst, and there isn’’ very much either of us can do,. She does say me holding her makes her feel better and she might have been able to sleep, so that would have been a smart thing for me to do. I enjoy laying next to her and holding her, but I get bored staring at the back of her head, in addition to thinking about the “Work” I should be doing. Tillman and Christian had gotten into a big fight playing “hide a body” so that added to the stress we all were feeling. Laicie felt like she had to solve all the problems, but I was trying to handle it, Tillman just always goes right to her, since we butt heads so much. I should be meeting with his councler on Friday to see if we can simulate a disagreement and work through it, but until then man it is rough. Tillman had played before and was telling Christian what to do, but Christian wanted to try things his own way. They had both been playing for a while and I already went up like 5 min earlier to try to catch emotions before they got too big. I should have made them stop so it didn't go further, missed that opportunity. They went to bed after this but both acted good the next morning, Christian even said “I slept really good”. Tillman was a big help yesterday with Laicie getting her drinks and snacks. I came home and just sat with her, by the end of the night she even rolled me over to tell me, “I need to be nicer to her, because she really wanted to be close to me”. I did get bored yesterday, just sitting next to her as she played Stardew Valley, or watching Tik Toks but I also know me spending that time with her was very valuable. I have felt down the past few weeks, trying to figure out my new role and responsibility. It has been a struggle, in addition to Jerre being let go, I have felt the “failure” thoughts continually creep in. I am getting there and starting to find my rhythm. I think that is all for now, I should really get to work. 
#### Reference: