Creation Date: 2025-07-29
2025-07-29T07:26:27-04:00
## Tags:

# Notes:

I only worked little less then half the day at work because Laicie was having double vision and not feeling good at all. She had passed out at Walmart on Sat, and we spent all day in bed Sunday. I should have know something was up. She was very worried and after talking to #chatgpt we decided to go to the hospital. We went around 10:45 pm, and I dropped her off. I actually had a funny conversation with the security guard there as he was searching Laicie's bag. He said “checking for your bozzoka” I said good thing I left my big one at home. He asked how the recoil was on the small one, I jokingly said it wasn't bad but required two hands. It was a fun little exchange on a not so fun experience. Her blood pressure was 147/111 so not scary right but high nonetheless. She said I could go home, she didn't want to leave Tillman home alone. So I went home and got some sleep, making sure my phone would ring when she texted or called. She ended up calling me at around 1:30 and I went to pick her up. I got there and her blood pressure had come down, the did tests and even a CT scan, but only gave her some benedryl and fluids. Good thing we had already called her primary and she has an appointment today at 2, because they sent her home with the instructions to just follow up with her primary. They said it is most likely the elevated blood pressure was causing the headache and things, but didn't have any cause or really any help. That is the worst part about going to the hospital lately, they don't really find many answers. Well they find a bunch of “not this” but no cause that is actually treatable. It is so frustrating that she was there for over 3 hours and didn't really feel much better or have and solution to feel better. I am really appreciative that I am able to work from home, and it was nice to just lay in bed and work on my laptop next to her. I still had a lot to do, and event today, I know it would have been nice to stay at home with her, but I have work things, and it drives me crazy to just sit at home and “be” there, I know that is what she “needs” but I want to be “doing” something. That is something I am working on. Ohh, cute thing that happened, it when Tillman came up to snuggle her, he grabbed a bunch of stuffies to comfort her, and was very sweet. He is such a good boy, and we have raised him to be very emotionally intelligent. He is going to be a very good man when his brain fully develops and he can better manage his emotions. I need to start tracking my blood pressure more, as mine seems to be creeping up also. I don’t’ really know why, and that is frustrating, but I want to stay ahead of any issues. I have noticed when I give blood and do Not take my #adzenys my #bloodpressure and heart rate are just about Perfect, but there were at least 4 times that I tried to give blood on this medication and my heart rate was over 100, resting! So I will start tracking it better and set something up with my primary. 
#### Reference: