2025-08-29 12:48

Tags: #DailyNote 

It has been a day or so since I last wrote, there has been alot going on. Yesterday morning, Tillman did better getting out of the house on time, but I got a text from Laicie as I was dropping him off that she fell at home and needed me to come home. I drove home, switched cars to get Cannon, then came home, and took a sick day. Laicie had tripped on her own feet going down the stairs and fell down the stairs. She was really hurting, but luckily nothing bad. So I watched Cannon and did a little house work while she rested upstairs. It was nice to not be worried about work, but I also feel so bad calling out. This is something I need to work on, while at the same time, talk to Laicie about how much I struggle when I need to adjust my schedule. I had things I had planned on doing, and I wanted to get done, that now I couldn't do. On top of that, I now needed to watch Cannon, while Laicie just rested in bed. I am not saying she shouldn't rest, but still frustrating for me. I took Cannon to meet her mom at 12, then went to sit in line to pick up Tillman. While in line I played around with #Grok, asking the AI different questions. I actually hit the limit, but it seemed I was able to use it again later that night. I asked all sorts of random things from #options trading to updating Fortney.Net. After getting Tillman and some food on the way home I got in bed with Laicie and played some #overcooked. We played for a while, but she was hurting too much, medicine wore off, to really concentrate so I folded some laundry and did some house chores. I cooked dinner and Laicie came downstairs to work on a project in the garage and get her mind off the pain. I grabbed her laptop and edited some footage from out boating adventure a few weekends ago. I got a video cut how I want, I just need to add some titles and I will upload it. This was now about bed time, so Laicie and I headed upstairs and watched some #soa before going to sleep. 

Friday, today was another challenge, Tillman did much better, and actually calmly asked me to help him get dressed early, because he is too cold to get out from the covers. I helped him, and Laicie said she was hurting too much to get Cannon. I was a little stressed because I was suppose to have an eye appointment this morning at 8:30. They don't open until 8:00 so that doesn't give me much time to call to catch them before my appointment. On top of that since Laicie is hurting that bad I needed to get Cannon, so I would have to do all this while driving. I got it figured out and I have the appointment at 3:10 tonight. I am so happy I got my tracker at work figured out. I am much easier able to see the status of my requests. Today I could easily see one of the requests had dates that didn't match the status, and I could go right into that specific one to correct it. Then I was also able to quickly see which ones were due in the next few days to correct those. Then I could even update the list, to make sure I saved any updates I made, and they were correct. Cannon was pretty good, she wasn't really that hungry and I was trying to do too many things, so Gloria knocked over most of lunch. I only had one meeting today, that I took on the road while taking Cannon to meet her mom. That went well, and it was nice that Stephen was on board with how frustrating many of my requests have been because of the disorganized QO testing. Now I am parked in car line with a fan blowing waiting to pick up Tillman. Yes it is a long wait, but it didn't make too much sense to go home, then head out to get him. I grabbed the AARL training book and I am going to try to read some of the first chapter. I signed up for the Technician class the Greer club is offering starting 9/3/25 for 10 weeks. I am like right at the cusp of knowing it by myself, but I think the structure of weekly classes will really push me over that edge. Tonight I am going to help Laicie with her Lab report, it is like 80% done and just needs formatting, and start to clean/cut the backyard. It is a DISASTER, I haven't cut it just about all summer, there are weeks taller than me, and most of the grass is up to my knees. I really slacked off on yard maintenance this year. 