2026-01-20 08:13

Tags: #DailyNote 

2026-01-20 08:13

### Saturday 

Woke up. Did some of my own stuff for a little bit in the morning and then went and snuggled with Laicie. Printed out a lemon screw lemon cap for her. She messaged me I needed to learn how to tie some bondage or shibari type knots and sent me a link. I was surprised she woke up thinking about that and sent me a link, lol. I quickly finished what I was doing and ran in there, we talked through those things and watched Amazing Race, really enjoying our time together. I was kinda distracted trying to tie knots while watching. Then we got up, ran some errands, went to Target to pick up Tillman's medicine, maybe Hobby Lobby too. Just drove and had good conversation. Went to Chick-fil-A and Wendy's for Laicie and I. We sat in the parking lot and ate, then took Tillman's food back home. Did some work in the garage, cleaning out stuff, going through some boxes, organized a little section. She had bought baskets so the rolling cart all matched. I ran upstairs and printed some labels for her bins. It was a really good day but little did l know what was in store. We started watching Amazing race, but I had different things in mind, I wanted to practice the knots. We got frisky, I took control and "told" her to do some things, damn it was good.  I tied her up in multiple ways, still trying to figure it out. Tied her hands above her head, and had amazing fun. 
### Sunday 
Stayed in bed for a while, just breathing together. Woke up, worked on the computer, working through editing YouTube videos—no I didn't do that. Started playing with the cup holder I was gonna make for Rachel, used Grok to figure out how to best use OpenCAD. Went back in the room and hung out with Laicie. We watched some TV, then I grabbed the computer and started some work. She wanted to go downstairs and work in the garage, so I turned on the heater. I continued to work on the cup, it took way longer than it should have but turned out really good. It is a cup holder adapter for my boss to hold her sixty four ounce cup in a normal cup holder. Printed a giant Cosco tray for one of Laicie's friends. I finally after grabbing multiple things she forgot upstairs so I was starting to get frustrated that I couldn't concentrate I headed to the garage to work down there. After a good amount of time working in OpenSCAD I finally called it quits and cooked some food then got more stuff organized, put labels on bins, and went through her toolboxes. Got about a quarter half the garage done. Had a really good day. Talked, communicated well. Went to bed, she suggested 365 Days. Interesting movie about a guy who kidnaps someone and gives her three hundred sixty five days to love him. there was alot of sexual tension, amazing sex scenes in the movie which lead to sexual tension of my own. After the movie, I was really turned on, took charge, pounced on her, practiced the tie, damn it was really good. After, my brain wasn't functioning for ten minutes, I couldn't even follow a thought if I wanted. I just soaked up that feeling and fell asleep. Laicie told me the next day, because of when she had taken her medicine she hadn't fallen asleep until about 4am. Surprised Martin Luther King Day she wasn't too tired. We hung out during the day, didn't really leave the house. We did more work in the garage, finished the project. The bins and her side of the garage looks really good. The labels took a bit to get used to, the had a wierd hook that were a pain, but worked well. I did a bunch of chores, laundry, dishes and other stuff around the house. Finally went inside and cleaned the house this included picking up thw whole downstairs, cleaned counters, vacuumed, mopped. Whole downstairs looked good. Laicie kinda forgot where I went. We finally went to bed, watched some Amazing Race, joked about watching the second 365 Days but didn't. Joked about getting frisky—we did not but really enjoyed just laying with her. I tried to feel our son in her belly, but think I just felt  his heart beat. I kissed her goodnight and fell asleep. Woke up and here I am at work.