Creation Date: 2025-07-05
2025-07-05T11:11:58-04:00
## Tags:
#vacation #golf #switch 

# Notes:
The week started with a trip to an Airbnb Laicie found. It was not too far away and not too expensive. We had so much fun, it was a lake house, little bigger then a small cabin. The address was 1819 Mill town Rd in Hartwell, GA. There were 2 bedrooms, one with a bunk bed and one with a king. There were windows facing the lake and it was just beautiful. The dock was a two level, with a chain that I was able to unhook to jump off. I got some cool footage with both my phone of Tillman jumping off and with the Insta360. One of the times Wil filmed up top and dropped/threw the insta off as Tillman jumped. I was a little worried because I knew the insta didn't float, but I also thought he was just going to like drop it straight down. Well he more tossed it, so I had to do a quick scramble to grab it as it bobbed upside down. Wil and Al cam for the evening, and I cooked burgers, well I ate a burger, Wil cooked chicken for everyone else. It looked good, but I think it needed a little more cooking as Laicie said it was a little chewy and it looked a little shiny white inside. We brought the slushie machine and had lemonade slushie, that was so good. Even Al tried some and was like, that is really cool. Laicie and Wil ran to Walmart, 20 min away, because I had brought Ticket To Ride, but somehow switched up the boards, so instead of the America board in the box, I had Europe, that makes it difficult to play, lol. We played two games, of course Laicie won, but both Al and I did very well. We all had a great time. Wil spent the night and it was a very fun time, we shared lots of stories and talked all night. Laicie even told her dad about the time in Folly Beach where the CBD drink was way too potent, it had 50mg, even says one the label, experienced users should drink maybe 2 Oz. She and Ashley split it, so little more then 2 each… It was very nice to feel comfortable with him, it was funny, Laicie even said “Can I tell you and you not it as my DAD”, he then proceeds to take off his glasses and set them on the table beside him, and had no judgment or anything. The first game took a really long time because we were talking so much. Wow, that is just the first two days. The second day we went out on the kayak and paddle board, then Tillman did more fishing. We all caught some bluegills, about the size of Tillman's hand. We had one more night, Wil headed back to Atl, and we planned to not sleep in much and go swimming the next day. We all woke up and didn't really want to swim, but enjoyed just being there and fished a little more. There was a small fire pit right outside, and the first night I did like a chimney fire with a log. It burned/soldered all night and was halfway gone the next morning, then the second night, right before a storm rolled though, Laicie wanted me to take some sultry photos of her through the smoke. since it had rained the fire wasn't too big, but still got a shot she really liked. Then we came home and just chilled. We played video games and went to the pool. Thursday was fun, Wil had called to see if I wanted to play golf with him, so I packed up and met him at Oconee Country Club. It has been many many years since I played last, even though the Sunday before we went to Top Golf with Jordan, Alex, and John. I was telling Wil I am very bad and accepting how good I am, and I didn't do quite as well as I had hoped, ended the 18 with a 102 overall. I did play a much better front 9 and shot a 43. He shot a 40 but plays at least twice a week lately. In addition to that, I didn't really lose any ball or take any penaltys. The only balls I lost, were when I tried a second shot like 3 times, to adjust a little, even then I found both balls. Well there was one or two times we didn't even go to look, but we could have found them if we looked. It was a long day, he had originally called for a morning game, but then got a tee time at 12:12, so by the time I left Greenville at 10ish, got food, played 18 and drove home it was 5:30 or so by the time I got home. We had so much fun, it was good to talk to him and just enjoy playing golf. I forget how good I am and with a little practice and more rounds, I would be very consistent. Ohh, Wil has been flipping all sorts of items from Facebook marketplace and goodwill, and he picked me up a new set of clubs and bag as my groomsmen gift. Then he and his dad regripped them, so I played with them. One hole I even shot with a 3 or 4 iron, I don't know if I have ever done that. I actually played really good and was impressed I stayed pretty consistent. I messed up on the back 9 chipping and putting. I obviously need to get use to putting again. He went on to play another 18 with friends, and when I check how he played the next morning, I was blown away. He said on hole 2 a guy tripped, hit his head and had a heart attack. They were on the hole next to them, and Wil's friend Matthew is a nurse so did chest compressions and everything. They got him revived AS THE LIFEFLIGHT HELECOPTER landed on the course to take him to the hospital. Wil was right there involved in saving this guy's life. They didn't end up playing that much of the round with all that going on. Then after they left, he had to run back to get his rangefinder he left, and overheard them talking about maybe giving the people that helped and were a part of all of it like a membership for life. That would be very cool. It was a nice course additionally since he has played a good bit there, and got to know them, we only paid $16 each to play. It was a great time, and I love my clubs and bag. Now on to the 4th of July, Laicie and I started playing an new game, It Takes Two on the switch, it is really fun. I am very impressed with the thought and gameplay of the game, it very much requires the two players to be talking and communication. Then Tillman askes if we can go to the pool at 12 because Micha and his family were going to go. We finish up and get ready to go to the pool like 12:20 or so. Tillman does good for a little but keeps asking and asking us to text and see where they are. We know they have 5 people so it is going to take them a while. I finally get on the golf cart with him and drive down to check on them. Micha sees us and comes out to tell us they are coming in just a min. James and his family come with Micha about 10 min later. Tillman has so much fun, and even recorded some on the Gopro. I need to edit that, darn. He and Micha were so thoughtful too because they asked James if it was OK that his son Lucas was on camera, before they even got the Gopro. It is so cute and even James smiled and commented when they said “This is Lucas's first time on the channel”. I am so glad I am able to provide that option for Tillman, in addition to being able to capture his life through video, and personal experiences. We swam for a while then they had to go to set up for the party they were having, and invited Tillman to come play on the bounce house/slide. JD stopped by to see if Tillman could play and show his new Switch2. I always struggle trying to tell JD enough but also trying to push him off as he can be a negative influence at times. He has had a rough upbringing, and Tillman really enjoys having someone to play with. Tillman came home after a while as they did more family at the party, and he and JD came and played here. Laicie and I continued to play It Takes Two, and doing very well. Then it was time for fireworks Panda, our rescue dog, REALLY hates fireworks we found out, kept trying to hide in the closet. We went out in the golf cart to find them to watch, a few people were shooting in our neighborhood, and JD ran in to get fireworks from his house and dad. We shot those at our house, and Laicie had me grab the camera and we got some really cool shots with sparklers. Tillman was obviously tired and probably a little hungry because as soon as there was a little down time, 1 min lol, he would be like, “my head hurts, when are we going home, I want to go home” we made him stay with us and got some cool shots that he really enjoyed. JD spent the night, and was still asleep when I came down at 10 this morning, Tillman was up and up at least an hour already because he asked for more time on his IPad, which has a limit of daily app usage. I got Laicie snacks in bed, and came to the front porch to type this out. I really need to MAKE time to do this more, one so each one isn't forever long, but also it has been really nice to sit and get these stories and thoughts out of my head. I am trying to figure out if Obsidian works well for me, and I like the possibilities it offers to link my thoughts, because my brain is always going. Even during the game, I am like, wow why or how did they do this. That was very well thought out and very deep thinking in the development of the game. Ok, well I should probably go do some dishes or other chores around the house, it has been a very fun week vacation and I am so glad I took the week off from work. Signing off for now! 

#### Reference: